Hello and welcome to ethereum sync.This app aims to provide the information needed to successfully intall and then synchronise your computer with the ethereum blockchian. \n\nWe will be discussing some the main concepts of the blockchain so that you will have an overview of the technologies envolved. This app will concentrate on running the blockchain and less about discussing the myriad uses possible with this new technology.\n\nPrimarily we will be doing this on the Linux and Windows operating systems but there will also be information for Mac users. Mac users will be able to follow the linux examples to achieve the same results. The file directory structures are different in the 3 Openting Systems but the results will be the same.

\n\nWhat this app will not do: \tThis app is an into into how to sync with the ethereum blochain as its important to get to know the blockchain and to begin to trust it through reading and interaction. To run the ethereum blockchain it is not even necessary to have an ethereum account but this app will show you how to how to do this in 3-5 mins. This app will not focus on mining, another large area of interest to cryptocurrency enthusiasts, but we will take a look at it because the basic concepts are not that difficult to grasp: serious needs for hardware, software, electricity and GPU thermal cooling
    
\n\nWe will begin by looking at some of the possible programming languages and clients available for users to download and work with the ethereum platform. We will be using the Go language because of its stability and ease of use. This means we will be using the Geth client for ethereum and normal JavaScript to help find out additional information.
    
\n\nWe will also take a quick look at some of the ethereum wallets out there like Mist and online favorite My Ethernet Wallet.
   
\n\nText, images and screenshots will be used to provide glimpses of ethereum in action. Screenshots are from Linux Fedora 30, Windows 10 1903 or Oracles VirtualBox but you can easily use VMWare.

\n\nWe will also take a look at ERC20 coins and what they mean for people, businesses and the greater Ethereum environment in general. 

\n\nThe split that happend in 2015 created Etheruem, eth, and Ethereum Classic, etc. Well take a quick look at etc and how to use the information in this app to use the exact same processes but using a different blockchain.

\n\nAbout setup: System Setup

\n\n



'Hello and welcome to ethereum sync.This app aims to provide the information needed to successfully intall and then synchronise your computer with the ethereum blockchian. \n\nWe will be discussing some the main concepts of the blockchain so that you will have an overview of the technologies envolved. This app will concentrate on running the blockchain and less about discussing the myriad uses possible with this new technology.\n\nPrimarily we will be doing this on the Linux and Windows operating systems but there will also be information for Mac users. Mac users will be able to follow the linux examples to achieve the same results. The file directory structures are different in the 3 Openting Systems but the results will be the same.\n\nWhat this app will not do: \tThis app is an into into how to sync with the ethereum blochain as its important to get to know the blockchain and to begin to trust it through reading and interaction. To run the ethereum blockchain it is not even necessary to have an ethereum account but this app will show you how to how to do this in 3-5 mins. This app will not focus on mining, another large area of interest to cryptocurrency enthusiasts, but we will take a look at it because the basic concepts are not that difficult to grasp: serious needs for hardware, software, electricity and GPU thermal cooling. \n\nWe will begin by looking at some of the possible programming languages and clients available for users to download and work with the ethereum platform. We will be using the Go language because of its stability and ease of use. This means we will be using the Geth client for ethereum and normal JavaScript to help find out additional information. \n\nWe will also take a quick look at some of the ethereum wallets out there like Mist and online favorite My Ethernet Wallet.\n\nText, images and screenshots will be used to provide glimpses of ethereum in action. Screenshots are from Linux Fedora 30, Windows 10 1903 or Oracles VirtualBox but you can easily use VMWare.\n\nWe will also take a look at ERC20 coins and what they mean for people, businesses and the greater Ethereum environment in general. \n\nThe split that happend in 2015 created Etheruem, eth, and Ethereum Classic, etc. Well take a quick look at etc and how to use the information in this app to use the exact same processes but using a different blockchain.\n\nAbout setup: System Setup\n\n'
'Hello and welcome to ethereum sync.This app aims to provide the information needed to successfully intall and then synchronise your computer with ethereum.'